CSE 331 Homework 9.  Answers to Written questions.
Edit this file to supply your answers.

Name: Jon Luntzel

1) List any changes made to the hw8 model implementation for hw9 or 
"none" if no changes were made.  If there are any changes, include
a short explanation of each change and why it was needed (see the
assignment for details of what to include here).

I made many changes to the hw7 and hw8 model. My Dijkstras algorithm was not working correctly,
and I realized it was because I did not check the cumulative sum of paths to decide what
to set as the minimum path. To fix this I stored the total distance in the 0th index with the
reflexive node from start to start. I also just stored the distance between two nodes instead
of the sum up to that point.
I changed the hw7 test driver to reflect the new algorithm and behave properly.

In hw8, I changed my formula for finding cardinal directions. I am still having issues with
printing West, as I print South-East instead. Other than that they are working correctly and I
chose not to continue fixing it because it had to focus on the utility of hw9.

I modified my samplegraph test file because I was printing the wrong expected values.

I made many changes to the hw8 CampusModel. For starters, I added a reverse map of building names
so I could access the abbreviated building name from the full name to calculate the distance.
I also changed my distances method to reflect the new Dijkstra's method - I stopped manually 
calculating the distance. I changed the for loop bounds of my pairList method because I was printing
points that should have been skipped (i.e, the starting point). It starts at index 2 because that is
where the starting node is the first visited coordinate. 

I changed the hw8 CampusVC. When printing the output, I chose to stop iterating by 2 and iterated by 1.
This was to print every distance value instead of skipping values. I then had to use the formula for
reaching my coordinate values, x being i * 2 and y being i * 2 + 1. This was so it accessed on loop 0
[0, 1] and on loop 1 [2, 3] and so on. 

2) List any additional (optional) extra features included in your
hw9 GUI or "none" if no additional features.

At the bottom of the screen, the distance is printed.

In the main file, you can modify the 'factor' which changes the GUI sizes but maintains 
the 1024 x 768 resolution. It is still in primitive stages because the start and end location are far
too large if the user wants a very low factor. Also, if the factor is too large, a lot of the map is
cut off and removes its utility.

